Description:
it has been observed just recently, that some drugs which are given to the patients with Covid-19 symptoms, cause some really vital damages on the cardiac system. on the other hand, the lungs of these patients are already damaged by the virus, so less blood, with less oxygen, will be pumped through the body. This negative feedback can cause very serious problems, in a way that some of the patients are dying just because of this damage to the cardiac system rather than the virus itself.

So a comprehensive database of the ECG of these patients is needed. ئo that the researchers could diagnose the problem thoroughly. The only problem is that most of the ECG devices in public hospitals has an analog output that gets printed on paper. So a tool is needed which can digitalize signals on the ECG papers. by using this tool, anyone can upload the ECG of a patient diagnosed to have Coivd-19. In this way, a comprehensive data set can be gathered in a short time. So researchers can put their focus on the subject to find the reason behind that vital effect. 


technologies:
our algorithms for segmentation and digitalization are written in python scripts. In these scripts, we have used OpenCV for the image processing.
We also have used WordPress for web development.

most difficult:
segmentation part was the most difficult thing we faced. because we had to find the different signals on an image.

accomplishments:
we are very proud of the final result of our algorithm. we did not expect such high-quality output


Learned:
Lots of things. Here are the obvious ones that were common between all of the team members:
Open CV in more details
practical group work on Github
The jargons that are used in ECG
practical web development 
how to prototype an Idea very fast!



Next Step:
There is almost nothing left. We only need to buy a top-level domain name and a reliable host to bring our website on the internet so that everybody can access (right now our host is a RaspberryPi on Ali's local network!)
The other thing that we need to do is embedding the application in our website. we may need to write some PHP code that can run the python scripts on the server-side.


Relevance to theme:
The core of our Idea was a website with an application on it so that everybody can use it. So one of the best places to submit our idea was WebFest on CERN. You can not imagine how much we got excited when we saw there is a health category there!


potential to the real world:
as I said in the description section, today, our world absolutely needs a comprehensive database of the patients with Covid-19 symptoms. people are dying every day, just because we have no idea why some drugs (like Hydroxychloroquine) causes vital effects.
We decided to propose our project on the WebFest, hoping that we can use the acceleration power of CERN to accelerate our project. people need our help as soon as possible. Even today is late.



Progress During hackton:
The first time that Sina and I decided to do such a project, we were planning to complete it in one month. Doing almost 90% of the project in a single weekend was a thing that I could never imagine






added value:














